README.md, before:

# Vue 3 + TypeScript + Vite

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 and TypeScript in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

## Recommended IDE Setup

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
   1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
   2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Setup

Make sure to install the dependencies:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm install
```

## Development Server
Start the development server on `http://localhost:5173`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run dev
```
## Test component library package Server
Start the vite server on `http://localhost:5174`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run serve
```

## Test stories
Start the storybook on `http://localhost:6006`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run storybook
```

## Build vite  component library 
Build library using vite:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run vite
```

Commit message:

fix outline on button and updtae README with connection to Nuxt directions git push origin APPS-2516_add-block-remove-search-filter-to-vue3-branch_1-24-24

README.md, after:

# Vue 3 + TypeScript + Vite

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 and TypeScript in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

## Recommended IDE Setup

-   [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Setup

Make sure to install the dependencies:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm install
```

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:5173`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run dev
```

## Test component library package Server

Start the vite server on `http://localhost:5174`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run serve
```

## Test stories

Start the storybook on `http://localhost:6006`:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run storybook
```

## Build vite component library

Build library using vite:

```bash
# pnpm
pnpm run vite
```

---

## To run with the Nuxt site

### In Components repo:

1. Run $`pnpm run build`
2. Then run $`pnpm link --global`

### In the Nuxt repo

1. Run $`pnpm link --global ucla-library-website-components`
2. Run $`pnpm run dev`
